Remove parameters from sonata admins (#1984)
sonata-project/SonataMediaBundle: UPGRADE-4.0.md

UPGRADE FROM 3.x to 4.0
=======================

### Container parameters

>   We have been using container parameters on SonataMediaBundle 3.x as an undocumented extension
>   points for things like classes, and configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We have been using container parameters as undocumented extension points for things like classes and configurations.
```

  In SonataMediaBundle 4.0 those are completely removed and we encourage you to use the default

>   dependency injection override to change services configuration if you need to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dependency injection override to change the default values for the removed service configurations if you need to.
```
